reference formats
-----------------

============           ==========    ===========
format                    lecture      ecriture
============           ==========    ===========
#comptage                     non           oui
#poubelle                     non           oui
#store                        non           oui
accdb                         oui           non
asc                           oui           oui
csv                           oui           oui
dbf                           oui           non
dxf                           oui           oui
geo                           non           oui
geojson                       oui           oui
gpkg                          oui           oui
gy                            oui           non
interne                       oui           non
json                          oui           oui
ligne                         oui           non
mdb                           oui           non
mif                           oui           oui
osm                           oui           non
print                         non           oui
qgs                           oui           non
shp                           oui           oui
spatialite                    oui           non
sql                           non           oui
sqlite                        oui           non
text                          oui           oui
txt                           oui           oui
xlsx                          oui           oui
xml                           oui           oui
============           ==========    ===========